---
layout: page
title: How to install Anoncoin on Windows
permalink: /How_to_install_Anoncoin/
---

Installation on Windows
-----------------------

After having downloaded the extractable zip file ([Download](/Download "wikilink")), execute the included anoncoin setup. [center|450 px](/File:Welcome_setup.PNG "wikilink") Choose the installation folder. [center|450 px](/File:Install2.PNG "wikilink") Choose the start menu folder. [center|450 px](/File:Install3.PNG "wikilink") Complete the installation. [center|450 px](/File:Install4.PNG "wikilink") If you have the [I2P](/I2P "wikilink") router already configured ([How_to_install_and_use_I2P](/How_to_install_and_use_I2P "wikilink")), this is excellent and you shall generate an I2P static key by checking the box. [center|450 px](/File:Install5.PNG "wikilink") If the box was checked, Anoncoin-qtc will connect to the I2P router using the default configuration and generate a new I2P destination. At the same time the `anoncoin/doc/anoncoin.conf.txt` will open for further configuration. By choosing **Abort** you will stop the configuration using the `anoncoin.conf` but can still run Anoncoin-qtc in I2P-only mode using the “Anoncoin Core (64-bit) I2P-only” link, in this case the I2P destination saved in the `I2Pkey.dat` file will be used instead of the one from `anoncoin.conf`. By choosing **Apply** on the *Anoncoin - Generated I2P Destination* box, Anoncoin-qtc will open and display your Private I2P Destination Details. [center|1250 px](/File:Install6.PNG "wikilink") In the *Private I2P Destination Details* windows, you can easily copy your private key by clicking on the button **Copy “Privatekey” parameter to the clipboard**. [center|1250 px](/File:Install7.PNG "wikilink") You shall then paste the Privatekey to the appropriate section of anoncoin.conf.txt [center|850 px](/File:Install9c.png "wikilink") Then you shall set a new RPCuser and RPCpassword that are difficult to guess. [center|850 px](/File:Install9.png "wikilink") Finally, you can choose to run Anoncoin in `onlynet=i2p`, in `onlynet=ipv4` or in both network by commenting every line. The onlynet are additive so you can run tor and i2p at the same time. [center|450 px](/File:Install9b.png "wikilink") Save `anoncoin.conf.txt` into `%appdata%/anoncoin/anoncoin.conf`. Do not forget to rename it by removing the txt extension! The correct name is `anoncoin.conf` [center|450 px](/File:Install9d.png "wikilink") Now that it is properly configured, Anoncoin is now ready to be run in the classic mode. Do not hesitate to try more options in `anoncoin.conf`! [center|250 px](/File:Install9e.png "wikilink") On first launch, because of the way the Header-First synchronization is going, the block download can seems to stop. If you want to check what is going on, you can type `getchaintips` in the debug console. The Block headers are first downloaded and verified (status:“headers-only”), which takes almost two hours, then the blocks are downloaded from all the connected peers in parallel, increasing the status:“active” chain. If you use the `bootstrap.dat` ([How to use a bootstrap file to speed up initial synchronization](/How_to_use_a_bootstrap_file_to_speed_up_initial_synchronization "wikilink")) then you will at first only see one chain because using this linearized bootstrap both block headers and block data are verified simultaneously, then it will catch-on the current tip using the Header-First synchronization. [center|550 px](/File:Install9f.png "wikilink")